.TH "BOT2" "7" "2023\-03\-10" "BOT2" "BOT2 Manual"
.SH NAME
BOT2 \- It's another shitty Discord bot

.SH DESCRIPTION
The winning submission of the 2016 Desert Bowl College STEM fair, submitted by James McCormick. James unfortunately passed away in an accident shortly after; this project is left running to honor his memory.

.SH HOW TO READ
You could also use read the slash command descriptions on your client, you know. IT'S NOT MY JOB TO EDUCATE YOU

Arguments wrapped in [] are optional.

Arguments wrapped in <> are required.

.SH COMMANDS

.SS MISCELLANEOUS
General commands, you get the idea

.TP
.B /info
Learn about the bot. :)

.TP
.B /help
Does the same as /info.

.TP
.B /ping
"Pings" the bot.

.TP
.B /game <new-game>
Change the bot's playing status. Only allowed once per hour.

.SS JERKCITY
An interface for Jerkcity/BoneQuest's API.

.TP
.B /jerkcity episode <number>
Fetches an episode of Jerkcity by its number.

.TP
.B /jerkcity latest
Fetches the latest episode of Jerkcity.

.TP
.B /jerkcity random
Fetches a random episode of Jerkcity.

.TP
.B /jerkcity search <query>
Searches the Jerkcity API for the given query.

.SS ROLE
User commands pertaining to vanity roles, AKA self-assignable roles. These replace the pronoun commands found in previous iterations of the bot. Roles must be created or imported by a server administrator before being assignable.

.TP
.B /role add <role>
Add a vanity role to yourself.

.TP
.B /role remove <role>
Remove a vanity role from yourself.

.TP
.B /role list
List all the vanity roles being managed by the bot.

.SS ROLES


Moderator commands pertaining to vanity roles; under their own command because Discord sucks donkey balls. These commands require you to have MANAGE_ROLES on yr server.

.TP
.B /roles create <name> [color]
Create a new Discord role with the given settings and add it to the database.

.TP
.B /roles delete <name>
Delete a role from the server and database.

.TP
.B /roles rename <new-name>
Rename a role. Kind of self-explanatory.

.TP
.B /roles setcolor <role> <color>
Update a role's color.

.TP
.B /roles import <one> [two] [three] [four] [five]
Import up to 5 roles into the database.

.TP
.B / roles relinquish <one> [two] [three] [four] [five]
Remove up to 5 roles from the database.

.SS EGORAPTOR
Moderator commands for configuring the unfortunate egoraptor functionality. SCROTEGANG only.

.TP
.B /egoraptor toggle <toggled>
Toggle timing users out when they mention egoraptor eating pussy. Requires MANAGE_GUILD.

.TP
.B /egoraptor settimeout <seconds>
Sets the length of an egoraptor-related timeout. Requires MANAGE_GUILD.
